Tree Branch
Wooden branches such as this are pretty common,
but it's surprisingly well-balanced. It doesn't do much
damage but can serve as a weapon in a pinch.
Soup Ladle
A kitchen implement often used for serving delicious
soups. It was carved from the wood of a sturdy tree,
so it actually packs quite the wallop.
Traveler's Sword
A very common sword often kept by travelers to
fend off small beasts. It's fairly durable but a bit
unreliable against monsters.
Soldier's Broadsword
A sword brandished by the soldiers who protect
Hyrule Castle. Its durable blade is well tuned for
slaying monsters.
Knight's Broadsword
Knights of Hyrule carry this sword. This blade is
highly valued thanks to its ease of use and high
attack power.
Royal Broadsword
The Hyrulean royal family awards this sword to
knights who achieved remarkable feats. A sword
that balances strength and beauty as elegantly
as this one is a rare find.
Forest Dweller's Sword
Koroks made this sword for Hylians. It's made
of wood, so it isn't the best choice for head-on
attacks. Its original intent was likely clearing vines
to forge paths through forests.
Zora Sword
The ornamentation that adorns this blade is
a traditional Zora design. It's forged from a
rust-proof metal.
Feathered Edge
Rito craftsmen forged this lightweight, double-edged
sword so Rito warriors could soar into battle
unhindered by its weight.
Ancient Short Sword
The blade of this sword was made using an ancient
power lost to this modern age. Its blade appears
only when drawn, and its cutting power surpasses
metal swords.
Royal Guard's Sword
A Sheikah-made replica of the sword that seals
the darkness. It was made with ancient technology
to oppose the Great Calamity.
Boko Club
A crude Bokoblin club made to clobber small prey.
It's essentially a stick.
Spiked Boko Club
A reinforced Bokoblin club made to maximize
damage. The sharpened bones jabbed into it
make it a brutal weapon.
Dragonbone Boko Club
This Bokoblin club has been reinforced with
fossilized bones to maximize clobbering potential.
Only the brawniest of Bokoblins can manage its
immense weight.
Lizal Boomerang
A curved sword favored by the Lizalfos. It can be
used to attack directly or can reportedly be thrown
like a boomerang.
Lizal Forked Boomerang
Blue Lizalfos in particular like this weapon. It has
one more blade than the Lizal boomerang to give
it additional cutting power.
Lizal Tri-Boomerang
More blades means more attack power! It can be
used as a boomerang, but all those blades makes
that a bit more dangerous. Carried by Black Lizalfos
seasoned in battle.
Guardian Sword
A sword often wielded by Guardian Scouts. Its blue
energy blade is a product of ancient technology.
Guardian Sword+
This Guardian sword has enhanced power over the
standard model. Its cutting capabilities are improved.
Guardian Sword++
The abilities of this Guardian sword have been
boosted to the maximum, as evidenced by its
increase in size. It slices through armor like a
hot knife through butter!
Lynel Sword
This Lynel-made sword was designed with smashing
in mind rather than slicing. It's on the heavy side
compared to what Hylians are used to, but it's
very strong.
Mighty Lynel Sword
This Lynel-made sword boasts more blades and more
attack power. A skilled Lynel can draw this sword
simply in passing and still cut a foe in two.
Savage Lynel Sword
A brutal sword carried by white-haired Lynels.
The savage blades are strong enough to cut
down any foe, no matter how strong.
Boomerang
This throwing weapon was originally used by the
forest-dwelling Koroks. Its unique shape allows it to
return after being thrown, but it's perfectly functional
in melee combat, as well.
Spring-Loaded Hammer
This strange hammer is one of the specialties of the
merchant from Skull Lake. Being struck by it doesn't
hurt much.
Bokoblin Arm
A skeletal arm that keeps moving even after it's
severed from its body. It's kind of gross to strap
it to your back, but it'll do in a pinch.
Lizalfos Arm
The arm of a Stalizalfos that continues to struggle
even in death. It can be used as a weapon. You can
feel it wiggling when you strap it to your back...
Master Sword
The legendary sword that seals the darkness.
Its blade gleams with a sacred luster that can
oppose the Calamity. Only a hero chosen by the
sword itself may wield it.
Training Sword
A wooden practice sword used by soldiers of the
Hyrulean army. It has a decent weight to it.
Gripping it takes you back to your early days
of training.
Lucky Ladle
A metal ladle that somehow always feels warm.
You can almost smell the mouthwatering aroma
of a hot meal on a cold day.
Korok Leaf
A single swing of this giant, sturdy leaf can create
a gust of wind strong enough to blow away light
objects. These will sometimes fall off trees as
they're chopped down.
Farming Hoe
A farming tool primarily used for tilling fields.
Its fine craftsmanship is sturdy enough to
withstand backbreaking fieldwork, but its
battle applications are untested.
Boat Oar
Made for paddling boats, but it was made sturdy
enough to fight strong currents. Maybe it's useful
for self-defense in a pinch.
Iron Sledgehammer
This large iron sledgehammer was originally
used for mining, but it works reasonably well
as a weapon too. 
Woodcutter's Axe
A woodcutter's tool of choice for felling trees.
Its formidable weight and uneven balancing
make it a slow, inefficient weapon.
Double Axe
This double-sided axe was designed with fighting in
mind. It's a bit unwieldy, so it requires a well-practiced
technique to use efficiently.
Giant Boomerang
This massive boomerang requires two hands.
Originally used for hunting, it was modified for
use as a weapon. The blades on the inner curves
make it a bit tricky to wield.
Traveler's Claymore
A basic two-handed sword often wielded by
aspiring adventurers. Its immense weight can
send enemies flying.
Zora Longsword
Although the Zora prefer spears to swords, they
made this two-handed weapon using a special metal.
It found popularity among Hylians for its unique design.
Gerudo Claymore
Only the most talented Gerudo sword fighters carry
this two-handed sword. It's actually much lighter than
it appears and is surprisingly easy to wield.
Eightfold Longblade
A single-edged sword seldom seen in Hyrule.
This weapon is passed down through the
Sheikah tribe and has an astonishingly
sharp edge ideal for slicing.
Edge of Duality
A curious double-edged sword crafted using Sheikah
technology. It was originally made for Hyrulean
knights unfamiliar with single-edged blades.
Ancient Bladesaw
This two-handed sword was forged using ancient
Sheikah technology. Its unique rotating blades give
it impressive cutting power that will slice enemies
to shreds.
Royal Guard's Claymore
The Sheikah used the very essence of ancient
technology to forge this greatsword. It was designed
to oppose the Calamity.
Boko Bat
A clunky club made by a Bokoblin. Swing it with
gusto to deal some serious damage.
Spiked Boko Bat
After much consideration by Bokoblins on how to
improve the Boko bat, they simply attached sharp
spikes to it. A skilled fighter can cause immense
damage with this.
Dragonbone Boko Bat
Used by only the toughest Bokoblin warriors, this
Boko bat has been fortified by fossilized bone.
It boasts a high durability and is strong enough to
beat down powerful foes.
Moblin Club
A crudely fashioned club favored by Moblins.
It's carved from a sturdy tree but is sloppily made.
Spiked Moblin Club
Animal bone has been affixed to this Moblin club to
greatly improve its damage.
Dragonbone Moblin Club
The bone of an ancient beast has been affixed to this
Moblin club, further increasing its damage. Moblins
carrying these in battle are particularly dangerous.
Ancient Battle Axe
A weapon used by Guardian Scouts. Its unique blade
was forged using ancient technology. The wide and
thin blade is what makes it so powerful.
Ancient Battle Axe+
This ancient battle axe's damage output has been
increased to maximum. It's sharp enough to cut
through almost anything, so it may have been used
to forge new routes.
Ancient Battle Axe++
This ancient battle axe's damage output is scaled up
to peak performance. Ancient technology makes it
possible to enhance cutting power beyond metal
weapons' limits.
Lynel Crusher
This two-handed weapon is favored by the Lynels.
It may be more accurate to call it a lump of metal
than a weapon, but if wielded by a Lynel, it can
pound you into a fine dust.
Mighty Lynel Crusher
This Lynel-made two-handed weapon has been
reinforced to increase its durability and striking
power. Its overwhelming heft will crush your foes.
Savage Lynel Crusher
This Lynel-made two-handed weapon is immensely
heavy thanks to a rare metal from Death Mountain's
peak. The power of its downward swing is in a class
all its own.
Windcleaver
This sword is favored by high-ranking members of the
Yiga. When wielded by a proficient fighter, its unique
shape cleaves the very wind and creates a vacuum.
Moblin Arm
A Moblin bone that continues to move even after
being detached from its body. The bone is thick
enough to be used as a weapon.
Wooden Mop
Just a mop to the untrained eye, it excels at tidying
up the place. But it owes its sturdy construction to a
true craftsman, so it actually has some combat merit.
Farmer's Pitchfork
A farming tool used to collect hay efficiently. It's light
enough to be used by anyone. The four prongs are
very sharp.
Throwing Spear
A specialized spear weighted to excel as a throwing
weapon. It's perfectly balanced to be thrown farther
than your average spear, able to pierce targets from
a great distance.
Soldier's Spear
A long spear used by the guards of Hyrule Castle.
Easy to use but difficult to master. The iron tip is
very sturdy, and the shaft will not burn when exposed
to flame.
Knight's Halberd
A spear used by knights adept in mounted combat.
The spearhead is modeled after an axe.
Royal Halberd
This spear is issued to the knights who guard
Hyrule Castle's throne room. Its ornate design
was applied by a craftsman in service to the
royal family.
Forest Dweller's Spear
The Koroks made this spear for Hylians. The shaft is
made from a light, sturdy wood, offering ease of use.
The spearhead is made from a much harder wood,
offering strength.
Drillshaft
Goron artisans used recycled metal to forge this
weapon. The tip is made from an old excavation bore,
which affords it unmatched piercing capabilities.
Feathered Spear
Its lightweight design is a hallmark of Rito
craftsmanship. It's made from light and sturdy
materials, which afford Rito warriors ease of
use during aerial combat.
Gerudo Spear
This spear's center of gravity is in its tip, making it a
bit unwieldy for the average fighter. But in the hands
of a skilled Gerudo warrior, it's a weapon of
reliable strength.
Serpentine Spear
The spearhead of this weapon is uniquely Sheikah in
design. Spear masters of the Sheikah tribe can use
the crescent shape to snag their opponents and
deliver brutal cuts.
Ancient Spear
This spear is the result of countless hours of research
into the ancient technology used by Guardians.
The glowing spearhead has high piercing potential.
Royal Guard's Spear
This Sheikah-made spear was created using ancient
technology to combat the Calamity. Its attack power
is very high.
Boko Spear
A spear haphazardly carved from a large tree branch.
It looks like its original intent was for skewering meat
and cooking it, but it does have some combat merit
as well.
Spiked Boko Spear
A Boko spear enhanced with sharpened animal bones.
It's light, easy to use, and deals a decent amount
of damage.
Dragonbone Boko Spear
This Boko spear has been strengthened with
fossilized bones. The bones are positioned outward
so the fangs bite at the opponent. Beware Bokoblins
carrying this weapon.
Moblin Spear
This wooden spear is most often used by Moblins.
It's just a pointy stick made from a hastily whittled
tree, so its stabbing power is pretty low.
Spiked Moblin Spear
This Moblin-made spear uses a horned animal bone
as the spearhead. Like many Moblin weapons it's
sloppily made, but this one packs some respectable
piercing power.
Dragonbone Moblin Spear
This spear is a fan favorite among Moblins.
The spearhead is made from fossilized bones
adorned with spikes, which greatly increases
its stabbing power.
Lizal Spear
The brutal, ripping edge of this weapon's spearhead is
a distinctly Lizalfos design.
Enhanced Lizal Spear
Judging by the harpoon-like spearhead of this
Lizalfos-made spear, the Lizalfos use it for fishing
as well as combat. Try not to get caught on the
wrong end of its barbs.
Forked Lizal Spear
Skilled Lizalfos warriors tend to favor this spear.
What it lacks in piercing power, it makes up for
with the brutal wounds its dual ripping blades
will inflict.
Guardian Spear
Wielded by Guardian Scouts, this spear has a high
piercing power and is a testament to the Sheikah's
high level of technology. The spearhead appears only
when brandished.
Guardian Spear+
The tip of this Guardian spear has been enlarged and
strengthened. It's a bit shorter than your average
spear, perhaps to facilitate use in tight spaces.
Guardian Spear++
This Guardian spear's output has been boosted to
the maximum. The spearhead is designed for optimal
stabbing, capable of easily piercing most armor.
Lynel Spear
The crescent-shaped spearhead of this Lynel-made
weapon gives it poor balance, making it difficult to
wield. Lynels, however, can swing it effectively with
a single hand.
Mighty Lynel Spear
The weight and cutting edge of this Lynel-made
spear have both been enhanced. It's immensely heavy
for a Hylian, but a Lynel can cleave through rock with
a single swing.
Savage Lynel Spear
White-haired Lynels favor this brutal spear.
Its axe-like spearhead and exceptional weight
give it a
