Hylian Tunic
A common garb that achieved widespread popularity in
Hyrule, particularly among travelers. Its light-yet-sturdy
fabric doesn't limit movement.
Stealth Chest Guard
Armor designed for stealth, passed down through the
Sheikah tribe. The special fabrics suppress the rustling
of clothes even when moving quickly.
Soldier's Armor
Hyrulean guards wear this sturdy, metal armor.
The high level of craftsmanship that went into
it is obvious with just a glance.
Snowquill Tunic
Lined with molted Rito feathers, this tunic was made
by Rito artisans for Hylians visiting cold climates. The
feathers are stacked in each layer to retain body heat.
Gerudo Top
Standard Gerudo garb popular for its open, breathable
design and for the traditional Gerudo markings that
adorn it.
Desert Voe Spaulder
Armor for males sold on rare occasions by Gerudo
retailers. It contains sapphire, which harnesses the
power of ice to dampen the effects of extreme heat.
Radiant Shirt
This shirt is sold at the Gerudo Secret Club. It glows
with a strange pattern in the dark due to a dye made
from crushed luminous stones.
Flamebreaker Armor
Armor crafted by Gorons for Hylians curious enough
to visit Goron City. It's made from the highest-quality
rocks, offering protection against magma and the like.
Zora Armor
Custom armor painstakingly crafted by each
generation's Zora princess for her future husband.
It's probably fine to be wearing this. Probably.
Ancient Cuirass
This armor was created by ancient Sheikah technology
using Guardian parts. It is a true testament to the skill
of those long-gone craftsmen.
Climbing Gear
The ancient technology in this gear is specially tailored
to climbers. The gloves looks perfectly normal, but the
no-slip coating helps with efficient energy usage.
Rubber Armor
This precious armor covers the wearer in a rare,
special material called "rubber." Such technology
does not exist in this modern age.
Barbarian Armor
Armor once favored by an ancient warlike tribe from
the Faron region. The war paint is especially good for
bolstering a fighter's spirits.
Tunic of the Wild
This armor was apparently crafted for a hero who
travels the wilds. Strangely enough, it's just your size.
Dark Tunic
The Skull Lake merchant developed this jet-black armor
as a result of his monster research. A spurious replica
of the green outfit once worn by a legendary hero.
Hyrule Warrior's Tunic
Green clothes said to have been a prized possession
of many heroes across many worlds. It always seems
to be the perfect fit...
Champion's Tunic
One of the special garments given to the Champions, each
of whom earned the respect of the royal family of Hyrule.
A prayer from Princess Zelda is woven into the fabric.
Warm Doublet
A warm pullover typically worn by mountain folk.
Its sturdy fabric and thick gloves are great at
retaining body heat.
Old Shirt
A thin shirt made long ago. It's coming apart at the
seams, but it's better than nothing. The sleeves are
a bit on the short side.
Royal Guard Uniform
The dignified uniform for Hyrule's Royal Guard.
The crest adorning the chest is magnificent. Its
lightweight materials are both stylish and practical.
