Across Time
Since ancient times, Calamity Ganon has threatened the
land of Hyrule. As Hyrule Castle falls to his devastating
assault, a lone Guardian reacts to Princess Zelda's
desperate plea and embarks on a journey through
time to save her.
King on the Eve of Battle
The king of Hyrule, preparing for the revival of Calamity
Ganon, attempts to eliminate the monsters running rampant.
Standing among the troops assembled for battle is the
fateful knight Link.
The Central Tower
The mysterious Guardian that Link discovered during the
battle reacts to the Sheikah Slate Impa has in her
possession. Just as the Guardian reacts, a mysterious
tower erupts from the ground.
The Diminutive Guardian
Impa racks her brain over the mysterious, diminutive
Guardian and the tower that suddenly appeared. Meanwhile,
the Guardian spots Hyrule Castle and, ignoring Impa's
shouts, rushes toward it as fast as it can.
Reunited
Link and Impa pursue the Guardian, arriving at Hyrule Castle
and meeting Zelda. As Zelda expresses her joy at their
safe return, the small Guardian dashes up to her, seemingly
desperate to convey something.
Berserk
In order to analyze the Guardian from the future, Zelda
travels with Link and the others to the Royal Ancient Lab.
On the way there, however, a Guardian goes berserk and
attacks the party. At the same time, a horde of monsters
appear and attack as well.
A Hidden Observer
After narrowly escaping the rampaging Guardian and the
monsters, Zelda and the others celebrate their safety.
Meanwhile, an ominous figure observes them from hiding.
The Ruined Future
Carefully analyzing the little Guardian from the future
reveals it to be a completely new model built from unknown
technology, and stored within it are detailed records of the
events at Hyrule Castle after Calamity Ganon's revival.
Departure
Zelda, Link, Impa, and the others prepare to depart Hyrule
Castle on orders from the king to recruit pilots for the
Divine Beasts. The king stops them, however, when he
recognizes the Guardian at Zelda's feet and gives her
a stern admonition.
The Looming Threat
In order to recruit Mipha as a pilot for a Divine Beast, Zelda
makes her case to Mipha's father, King Dorephan. The king
refuses to permit Mipha to help, but the audience is cut
short when monsters suddenly threaten Zora's Domain.
Against the Lynel
Discovering the young Prince Sidon standing up to a Lynel,
the party quickly comes to his aid. The Lynel is undeterred
by their arrival, brandishing a giant blade and releasing a
terrifying roar.
Ray of Hope
The party rescues Sidon, but they have no time to rest
before an even bigger horde of monsters appears.
Comprehending the scale of the attack, Mipha and the
others are at a loss for words until the little Guardian
gives them a sliver of hope.
Divine Beast Vah Ruta
King Dorephan himself takes command of the forces
defending Zora's Domain, but even under his guidance,
they are backed into a corner by superior numbers.
However, salvation arrives in the form of the Divine Beast
Vah Ruta, piloted by Mipha.
Mipha's Wishes
After seeing Mipha use the power of the Divine Beast to
defeat the Lynel and hold off the massive attacking horde,
King Dorephan acknowledges Mipha's resolve and gives his
approval for her to serve as the pilot of the Divine Beast.
Reaching Vah Rudania
Daruk agrees to become the pilot of a Divine Beast, but it
is revealed that a swarm of monsters has overrun Death
Mountain, the location of Vah Rudania. Daruk makes for the
mountain with the rest of the party in tow.
Divine Beast Vah Rudania
The party somehow makes it to the peak of the mountain.
Daruk, led by the small Guardian, climbs into Vah Rudania
and engages the monsters swarming over Death Mountain
in pitched battle.
Daruk's Wishes
Daruk mops up the monsters swarming over Death
Mountain then reaffirms his intention to pilot the Divine
Beast. With words of thanks to Link and the party, Daruk
hands over a treasured gift.
Into the Storm
On the way to Rito Village, the party gets caught up in an
intense snowstorm. Leaving Princess Zelda behind at a safe
location, Link and the party set out to scout the area but
quickly come into conflict with Rito warriors led by Revali.
Peacemaker
Just as a fierce battle between Link and Revali is about
to reach a violent conclusion, Princess Zelda intervenes.
Both the snowstorm and the battle between the two
warriors come to an abrupt end.
Revali's Wishes
Revali agrees to become a pilot for a Divine Beast but gets
his feathers ruffled when he discovers that Link is the
princess's knight. The little Guardian interjects, not in
support of Link, but to assert that it is also a protector
of the princess.
Attack of the Gerudo!
The party sets out for Gerudo Town to recruit their chief,
Urbosa, as a pilot of a Divine Beast. However, they are
unexpectedly attacked by the Gerudo. Zelda steels herself
and attempts to learn Urbosa's true motives.
Return of the Chief
With Zelda in peril, the real Urbosa makes her appearance,
and the impostor chief is revealed to be Master Kohga of
the Yiga Clan. Kohga quickly summons reinforcements to
the battle then abruptly leaves them to fight on their own.
Slippery as a Banana Peel!
Urbosa and the others manage to corner Master Kohga,
but they're suddenly confronted by the Yiga Blademaster
Sooga. Both Sooga and Kohga disappear, though the
conflict with the Yiga Clan appears likely to continue.
Urbosa's Wishes
In order to protect both her own desert home and all of
Hyrule, Urbosa agrees to become a pilot for a Divine Beast.
She also offers words of comfort to Zelda, who is feeling
a mounting pressure to fulfill her duty as the days pass.
Plans for the Future
Master Kohga and Sooga escape to their hideout. Waiting
for them there is the mysterious seer Astor, as well as a
black Guardian eerily similar to the model that has been
accompanying Zelda.
An Uneasy Heart
Zelda has been successful in her recruiting mission, yet the
king remains stern with her. Told to focus on her training
now more than ever, Zelda tells the little Guardian of the
insecurities she carries with her.
Assassination!
Zelda departs Hyrule Castle and sets out with the pilots for
the Lanayru region, where they intend to train with the
Divine Beasts. The party talks amongst themselves as they
travel, but their progress is abruptly halted when the Yiga
Clan appears, intent on taking Zelda's life.
Trust
Link and the others fight bravely in the intense battle and
manage to rout Sooga and the Yiga Clan. Zelda offers Link
gratitude for his protection, and finds herself slowly
coming to trust him more and more.
Divine Beast Vah Medoh
In order to more easily secure the sword that seals the
darkness, the Master Sword, the king of Hyrule orders all
monsters within Korok Forest be eradicated. A plan
centered around the Divine Beast Vah Medoh is made,
but its pilot, Revali, seems unsure about their leader.
To the Lost Woods
Thanks to the power of Vah Medoh, the monsters are
cleared away, and the party is able to continue on to
the Lost Woods. Unbeknownst to them, however, Astor,
the Yiga Clan, and others have already infiltrated the
forest depths.
A Guide through the Mists
Perhaps due to the monsters' influence, the Lost Woods
is enveloped in a thick mist that obscures the surroundings.
The party continues forward regardless, wary of enemy
attacks, when they suddenly encounter Hestu the Korok.
The Master Sword Emerges
The party at last arrives in Korok Forest, but they find their
way obstructed by Astor. Despite the confusion caused
by the Hollows in the shape of his allies, Link unsheathes
the sword that seals the darkness.
The Knight Who Seals the Darkness
With the Great Deku Tree's wait for the hero now
complete, it passes along words of advice to Link, who
wields the sword that seals the darkness. It also offers
Zelda encouragement with awakening her power, before
settling back into a deep slumber to nurse its wounds.
A Song from the Past
Witnessing the progress that Link and the pilots have
made, Zelda is filled with worry and doubt about her own
inability to succeed. The small Guardian notices this and
attempts to bolster her spirits with a lullaby...
Zelda's Wishes
Link remains as steadfast and dedicated as ever, stronger
now that he is armed with the sword that seals the
darkness. Zelda doubts her own abilities by comparison, and
Urbosa tries to put her worries to rest by reminding her
of the Great Deku Tree's words.
After the Ceremony
The inauguration ceremony for Link and the four Champions
who will pilot the Divine Beasts comes to an end, and
everyone takes in the celebratory atmosphere. An amusing
interaction between the little Guardian and the others is
enough to ease Zelda's worries, if only a bit.
Determination
As Zelda prepares to depart and investigate the Central
Tower, King Rhoam confronts her once again on where her
focus lies. Zelda musters all of her courage to express
her intentions to him, but...
Disharmony
As Zelda departs Hyrule Castle, Master Kohga and Sooga
scheme with Astor about preventing the activation of the
Sheikah Towers. Quietly, however, Sooga harbors his
own doubts...
The Sheikah Towers Are Activated
Guided by the little Guardian, Link presents the Sheikah
Slate to the terminal of the Central Tower, causing the
tower to activate and rise up into the air. At the same
time, the towers in other regions also rise up. Purah,
observing this, cries out in excitement.
A Game Changer
Having successfully activated all of the Sheikah Towers,
Zelda takes in the expansive view. Purah has been busy
analyzing the functions of the tower and, after lauding
their usefulness in the defense of Hyrule, declares her
intention to demonstrate their value.
Divine Beast Vah Naboris
In the process of activating the Sheikah Towers in each
region of Hyrule, the party learns valuable tactical
knowledge, including the location of the Yiga Clan's hideout.
Aiming to take them out in one fell swoop, Urbosa boards
Vah Naboris.
The Mighty Leader of the Yiga Clan!
The party has finally managed to corner the Yiga Clan, but
Master Kohga refuses to go down without a fightfor
some reason, he appears incredibly confident. After taunting
the party, Kohga rushes to battle, henchmen in tow.
Assigning Blame
Astor appears before the recently defeated Master Kohga,
who is outraged that the Yiga Clan's promised victory did
not come to pass. Astor simply smiles, stating that all is as
it must be, and he warns the Yiga Clan not to oppose him.
March of Progress
Having handled the Yiga Clan, Zelda and the party realize
how truly valuable the Sheikah Towers are. Purah is eager
to continue her research with her newly increased staff.
Zelda offers her words of encouragement, though she
remains troubled by her own lack of progress.
The Calamity Revealed
As analysis of the little Guardian from the future continues,
it is discovered that the date of Calamity Ganon's revival is
also that of Zelda's 17th birthday. With little time remaining,
the king impresses upon Zelda the need for her to focus
on her training and awaken her powers.
A Shroud of Fear
Knowing there is no going back, Zelda attempts to muster
her conviction and motivate herself to move forward.
The others can do nothing but watch as she frets
over the chance that she will fail. Suddenly, a
swarm of monsters attack.
To the Very Last
Using her knowledge of ancient technology, Zelda saves
everyone from the monster threat, though she tries once
more to avoid taking credit. Impa impresses upon the
princess the value of all she has done, and Zelda speaks
of a renewed drive to fulfill her destiny.
The Turning Point
The Royal Ancient Lab completes its analysis of the little
Guardian, but Robbie and Purah are abruptly attacked by
Yiga Clan infiltrators. Purah entrusts the Sheikah Slate to
the little Guardian, who flees the lab in search of Zelda.
Calamity Strikes
Accompanied by Link and Impa, Zelda sets out for the
Spring of Wisdom on Mount Lanayru to train. She steels
herself, knowing that this is her last chance to awaken her
powers. At the moment Zelda crosses the bridge, Calamity
Ganon suddenly revives and descends on the castle.
Disastrous Interference
On the way to their Divine Beasts, each of the Champions
witnesses the sudden revival of Calamity Ganon. Matters
are made worse as the Sheikah Towers simultaneously
shut down due to Calamity Ganon's influence.
Duty
The Guardians, now under the control of Calamity Ganon,
begin to attack Zelda, Link, and the others. Just as one has
the princess and her protector in its sights, King Rhoam
arrives to save them. The king reminds Link of his duty to
the princess then remains behind as the pair flee the castle.
In the Midst of Despair...
Based on information from the little Guardian, Zelda learns
that the Divine Beasts will also be taken over by Calamity
Ganon. Frustrated by her own powerlessness, Zelda cries
out in anguish. As her tears fall, the Guardian suddenly
emits a strange light...
Rescue Across Time: Water and Fire
Mipha and Daruk both lock themselves in challenging battles
against the powerful phantoms created by Calamity Ganon.
Just as all seems to be lost, however, mysterious figures
arrive from the most unexpected place to save them...
Avatar of the Calamity: Waterblight Ganon
Waterblight Ganon, a phantom created by Calamity Ganon
within the Divine Beast Vah Ruta, pushes Mipha and Sidon
to their limits. Nearly at the end of their strength, aid finally
arrives to rescue them.
Avatar of the Calamity: Fireblight Ganon
Aboard the Divine Beast Vah Rudania, Daruk and Yunobo
lock into a fierce battle with Fireblight Ganon, a phantom
created by Calamity Ganon. Nearing the end of their
strength and quickly losing hope, support finally arrives
to rescue them.
Counterattack: Water and Fire
With the arrival of reinforcements, the party is able to
subdue both Waterblight and Fireblight Ganon. There is
little time to celebrate, however, as Zelda shares news
of the fall of Hyrule Castle.
Vah Rudania's Pilots
Having heard the news of Hyrule Castle's fall to Calamity
Ganon, Daruk takes Yunobo and boards the Divine Beast.
Together, they hope to stop the horde of Guardians rapidly
advancing on Eastern Hyrule.
Rescue Across Time: Wind and Thunder
Revali and Urbosa are both locked in pitched battles
against the powerful phantoms Calamity Ganon created.
Just as all seems lost, however, mysterious figures from
the most unlikely of places arrive to save them.
Avatar of the Calamity: Thunderblight Ganon
Urbosa and Riju find themselves pushed to their limits
in their battle against Thunderblight Ganon aboard
Vah Naboris. Fortunately, just as all seems lost, rescue
finally arrives.
Avatar of the Calamity: Windblight Ganon
Revali and Teba fight bravely against Windblight Ganon
aboard Vah Medoh, but it is clear they are in a losing battle.
Things seem bad for the winged heroes, but rescue arrives
just in the nick of time.
Counterattack: Wind and Thunder
With the support of allies, the party subdues both
Thunderblight and Windblight Ganon. There is little
time to celebrate, however, as Zelda shares the
news of the fall of Hyrule Castle.
Vah Medoh's Pilots
Having heard the news from Zelda of Hyrule Castle's fall,
Revali takes Teba, and together they board Vah Medoh.
The pair plan to use the power of the Divine Beast to halt
the monsters and Guardians advancing on Western Hyrule.
Wishes Made Manifest
Sidon describes having been summoned by a voice, and
Zelda realizes that the arrival of these new heroes is a
result of the time-traveling abilities the little Guardian has.
Zelda offers her thanks to the little Guardian, though she
remains aware of her own shortcomings.
Inevitable Betrayal
Astor's plan to betray the Yiga Clan has been revealed.
As he mercilessly sacrifices clan members to revive the
Blight Ganons, Sooga and Master Kohga steel themselves
to fight against him. Astor sicks a Hollow on the pair
without hesitation.
Despair and Hope
Wave after wave of Guardians and monsters threaten to
break through Akkala Citadel's formidable defenses. Many
among the defenders worry that defeat is unavoidable.
Robbie, however, is certain that rescue will arrive in time.
Sibling Bonds
Breaking through the enemy's siege of Akkala Citadel,
Zelda and the others enter the walls and reinforce the
defenders. Aboard Vah Ruta, Mipha and Sidon cover their
advance, and in a brief moment, Mipha expresses happiness
at the kind of Zora her brother has become.
Vah Naboris's Pilots
As Zelda and the others travel to support Fort Hateno,
Urbosa and Riju attempt to distract the Guardians that
are surging forth from Hyrule Castle. The pair leap aboard
Vah Naboris and throw themselves into a pitched battle.
Champions United
While the diversion was successful, a massive number of
monsters emerge as night falls. Urbosa and Riju prepare
themselves for the worst but are saved from that fate as
the Champions from the other regions arrive to aid them.
At Last, an Awakening
Astor, who had orchestrated the attack on Fort Hateno,
sets Blight Ganon's phantoms on the party as revenge
for their intervention. As Link struggles to hold them off,
Zelda refuses to flee again, and her strong desire to save
Link finally awakens the power she had long been seeking.
Solidarity
Zelda speaks to the soldiers gathered at Fort Hateno,
projecting a renewed confidence that reflects her role as a
member of Hyrule's royal family. With spirits bolstered, Zelda
takes the time to speak with one soldier in particular.
The man turns out to be an unexpected guest...
To the Great Plateau
The party receives word that there are soldiers holed up
on the Great Plateau. They must be helped, but traveling
so far would be difficult and dangerous. Fortunately, Purah
has a plan to make the trip much, much easier.
A Wish that Is Granted
A father and daughter reunite within the Temple of Time.
Tears of joy flow easily from the princess, and her father
looks upon her with a newfound warmth. He admits it was
the relic she gave him that saved his life.
