Hylian Trousers
Traditional dress trousers of Hyrule. The plush fabric
makes these trousers quite comfortable, and their
high durability makes them ideal for travelers.
Stealth Tights
Members of the Sheikah tribe wear these tights when
they need to move stealthily. They're made from noise-
suppressing cloth, a hallmark of ancient Sheikah technology.
Soldier's Greaves
Hyrulean guards favor these sturdy, metal greaves,
though the added weight makes them a struggle to
put on.
Snowquill Trousers
The Rito sell these trousers to Hylians in Rito Village.
The inside is lined with Rito feathers, so they excel at
retaining body heat.
Gerudo Sirwal
Gerudo favor this traditional sirwal. Its short length
allows for ease of movement, and its subtle design
is quite fashionable.
Desert Voe Trousers
Gerudo-made trousers for men sold rarely by Gerudo
retailers. They contain sapphire, which harnesses the
power of ice to dampen the effects of extreme heat.
Radiant Tights
These tights are sold in the Gerudo Secret Club.
They're painted with dye from crushed luminous
stones, which gives them an eerie glow in the dark.
Flamebreaker Boots
Goron artisans used flame-resistant rocks to
craft these heatproof boots for curious Hylians
visiting Goron City.
Zora Greaves
These greaves have been passed down among the Zora
for generations. It's been said they're crafted using dragon
scales. They reportedly increase the wearer's swim speed.
Ancient Greaves
Robbie engineered these greaves at the research institute
using the same technology found in Guardian automata.
An ancient wisdom still radiates off of them.
Climbing Boots
These rock-climbing boots have special no-slip toes.
The wearer can walk on otherwise challenging surfaces
with complete confidence.
Rubber Tights
These invaluable tights are made with something
called "rubber," an ancient technology with origins
shrouded in mystery.
Barbarian Leg Wraps
These leg wraps were favored by a warlike tribe from
the Faron region long ago. They're adorned with
traditional markings that bolster your fighting spirit.
Trousers of the Wild
Legends say these pants were tailored for a hero
who travels the wilderness. Strangely enough, they're
the most comfortable pair of pants you've ever worn.
Dark Trousers
The result of the Skull Lake merchant's research into monsters.
Looks like your average leg wear at first, but these were
created based on the image of a monster born of darkness.
Hyrule Warrior's Trousers
Trousers said to have been a prized possession of
many heroes across many worlds. They seem to fit
perfectly and are extremely comfortable.
Snow Boots
Boots designed for hiking up snowy mountains. They
evenly distribute the wearer's body weight, allowing
safe, speedy traversal through deep snow.
Sand Boots
Gerudo artisans modified these boots for life in the desert.
The special soles distribute the wearer's bodyweight
evenly, allowing for normal movement across sand.
Well-Worn Trousers
These old trousers are threadbare in spots, but
they're surprisingly comfortable. The legs are a bit
too short, though.
Royal Guard Boots
These boots are part of the uniform for Hyrule's Royal
Guard. The bright base of the design exudes nobility.
A fine blend of style and function.
Prototype Ancient Greaves
Robbie engineered these greaves at the Royal Ancient
Lab using Guardian technology. They have potential,
but there's still much room for improvement.