Hylian Hood
A hood woven using traditional Hyrulean methods.
It's made from a sturdy material to protect travelers
from the harsh sun and weather.
Stealth Mask
It may look like a regular cloth mask, but it was made
using Sheikah crafting techniques to suppress the
noisy rustling of clothes. Perfect for sneaking about.
Soldier's Helm
Headgear made from sturdy metals for frontline
soldiers. These helmets look like they could take
a serious beating.
Snowquill Headdress
A Rito accessory made from snow-bird feathers.
It's adorned with a ruby, a gem that harnesses the
power of fire to make cold climates more tolerable.
Gerudo Veil
A mask worn by Gerudo women. It protects the skin
from the harsh sun, but don't expect it to protect much
in combat...
Desert Voe Headband
Gerudo-made armor for males sold rarely by Gerudo
retailers. It contains sapphire, a gem that harnesses
the power of ice to make the heat more bearable.
Radiant Mask
A special mask for members of the Gerudo Secret Club.
Painted with dye made from crushed luminous stones,
it gives off a lurid, mysterious glow in the dark.
Flamebreaker Helm
Stone headgear made by Goron craftsmen to protect
tourists visiting Goron City. As if its flame resistance isn't
enough of a selling point, it also covers your entire head!
Zora Helm
Zora headgear made from dragon scales. It aids
the wearer's movement in water???swimmers
favor it for the supposed boost it provides.
Ancient Helm
This headgear is the result of Robbie's research.
Its design heavily incorporates parts taken from
ancient Guardians.
Climber's Bandanna
It may look like a regular bandanna, but it's actually infused
with ancient technology that enhances core strength.
This bandanna is coveted by mountain climbers.
Rubber Helm
A helmet made from ancient techniques. It's crafted
from a something called "rubber," a material that
can no longer be found.
Barbarian Helm
A helmet once worn by the warriors of an
ancient warlike tribe from the Faron region.
Wearing it draws out your inner animal.
Cap of the Wild
According to legend, this cap was crafted for a
hero who travels the wild lands. Wearing it just
feels so right.
Dark Hood
This headgear is the product of Skull Lake merchant's
research. It was crafted with a monster born from the
shadows in mind. The eyes glow an eerie red in the dark.
Hyrule Warrior's Cap
A cap said to have been a prized possession of
many heroes across many worlds. For some reason,
it fits perfectly.
Thunder Helm
A precious heirloom passed down among the Gerudo.
It deflects lightning strikes and is traditionally worn only
by the Gerudo chief.
Bokoblin Mask
The Skull Lake merchant's handmade Bokoblin headgear.
It's almost charming in a cute, monstrous kind of way...
Equip it to be one step closer to a true Bokoblin.
Moblin Mask
The Skull Lake merchant's handmade Moblin headgear.
It's designed to replicate the Moblin's distinct long nose
and large horn. It is quite realistic...
Lizalfos Mask
The Skull Lake merchant's handmade Lizalfos headgear.
It's designed to replicate the unique tongue and horn
of the Lizalfos. Equip it and live as a Lizalfos for a while.
Lynel Mask
The Skull Lake merchant's handmade Lynel headgear.
It's almost as intimidating as the real thing. Wear it and
pretend to be a proud Lynel, free to roam the world.
Amber Earrings
One of the items sold by the Gerudo jeweler. These earrings
are made with amber, a gem that harnesses the power of
the land and shines a honey-colored light in the sun.
Opal Earrings
Earrings sold at Gerudo jewelry shops. They contain opal,
a gem that harnesses the power of water and casts a
cool, elegant incandescence when held up to a light.
Topaz Earrings
Earrings made by Gerudo craft workers. They're made
with topaz, a gem that harnesses the power of lightning
and gives the earrings a distinctive flash.
Ruby Circlet
A headpiece made by Gerudo craft workers. It's set with
a ruby, a gem that harnesses the power of fire. Such
headpieces always catch the eye of astute fashionistas.
Sapphire Circlet
An intricate headpiece crafted with Gerudo goldsmith
techniques. It's set with a sapphire, a gem that harnesses
the power of ice to give the wearer a truly cool charm.
Diamond Circlet
A luxurious headpiece sold at Gerudo jewelry shops.
It's decorated with a diamond and immediately
captivates many who look upon it.
Royal Guard Cap
This spiffy cap is part of the uniform for Hyrule's Royal
Guard. Its elegant ornamentation mirrors the crest.
It's lighter than it appears and is easy to move about in.
Prototype Ancient Helm
This headgear is the result of Robbie's research. The
use of Guardian parts makes it highly durable. It has
potential, but there's still much room for improvement.
Zelda's Ceremonial Robes
Priestess robes of pure white that the princess of Hyrule
wears during her spiritual training. This decorative vestment
reflects some of the finest craftsmanship in Hyrule.
Zelda's Royal Attire
Formal attire of the royal family, this is often worn during
public events or ceremonies in the castle. The gold trimmings
stand out against the symbolic brilliant blue of the royal family.
Zelda's Winter Clothes
Clothing perfect for fighting the cold in the chilly
regions of Hyrule. The coat is primarily a wintry
white, except for the lining and ornament on the
chest, which are the brilliant blue of the royal family.
Mipha's Champion Garb
A special garment given to each of the Champions.
Crafted by Princess Zelda, she shared this item along
with a prayer for the Champion's safety and success.
Daruk's Champion Garb
A special garment given to each of the Champions.
Crafted by Princess Zelda, she shared this item along
with a prayer for the Champion's safety and success.
Revali's Champion Garb
A special garment given to each of the Champions.
Crafted by Princess Zelda, she shared this item along
with a prayer for the Champion's safety and success.
Urbosa's Champion Garb
A special garment given to each of the Champions.
Crafted by Princess Zelda, she shared this item along
with a prayer for the Champion's safety and success.
