While we were trapped inside the Divine Beast,
they went unchecked. That stops now.
I am with you, Master Revali. Let's take down
outposts to stem the flow of enemies.
Our foes are advancing from east to west. Let's
head east first and cut off their support base.
On the other wing, we could move in from the
west and take them head-on.
Interesting. Our strategy hinges on which path we
choose. So...which will it be?
Huh. It looks like Vah Medoh's output is increasing.
I wonder...if it's because of you.
Not to overstate my importance, but...I'm glad my
presence here has done some good.
The monsters haven't gathered yet. Master Revali,
now's our chance!
True. We should be able to destroy the outposts
before the monsters get in our way.
Tch. Look at all the monsters that have gathered.
And more are incoming as we speak...
If we capture some outposts, we can slow down
their reinforcements.
We have to stop the invasion. Let's cut through
the valley and aim for the northeast outpost.
Might be wise to shoot down fliers as we go.
That ought to prevent an incursion to the west.
Curses. Look who's back.
Hmph. How unlucky for him that he appeared in
front of Vah Medoh. Should we ask him to leave?
Did we finish it off this time?
No... He gave us the slip again. He's an expert at
retreating, it seems.
The tundra is beyond this outpost. Let's take it
down in style.
Our enemies have dug in, it seems. If only there
was some way to take them all out at once...
The tundra is clear, but now we have some
monsters to take care of over there.
Their numbers are great, but no need to panic.
Let's thoroughly wipe out the enemy outposts.
Monsters are heading for the tundra as well.
We can't afford to get sloppy, Teba.
A few outposts here. Let's crush any enemies
we see.
The monsters' advance has stopped. Now, clear
out whoever's left in the plains and the tundra.
We've done quite a bit of destruction. Let's show
the same courtesy to the remaining outposts!
Oh, come on! How is it still coming for us?!
Some people never learn. Let's make them sorry
they ever laid eyes on us!
Master Revali, that was, well...masterful.
Yes... And you did well too, Teba. Picking a fight
with us? Heh! They got off easy.
Guh! This might be it for me...
I clearly...held back too much...
I can't wait to tell the folks back home about this.
Shame none of them will believe me...
You're from a hundred years in the future, right?
Is my training ground still maintained in the village?
Yes. All your admirers train at the Flight Range.
I take my son there often.
Incredible. Seems it was worth the effort to get it
built. Bet no one has matched my skill yet, though.
Even the wind itself is on our side. Now then...
Let's do this!
Understood!
Hate to disappoint, but you won't be
breaking through.
What?!
Time to let loose our superior strategy.
Incoming!
Guh... Things are getting ugly.
Time to clean up this mess.
Sorry, but this is as far as you go.
What?!
We have the momentum. Let's keep it up!
On we go!
Think you can get past me? You're in for a
rude surprise.
They're advancing from the plains to the tundra.
Let's head east and cut them off from their base.
Alternatively...we could go through the tundra and
then move in to intercept them.
Our priority is to stop the monster incursion. We'll
cut across the valley and aim for that outpost.
Might be wise to shoot down fliers as we go.
That ought to prevent further incursions.
You've lasted this long against me? Hm, I'm
mildly impressed.
I see how this could happen to the others...
but to ME?! Gah!
Guh... Things are getting ugly.
Ungh... I could really use some help over here!
